org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.ActionAddClassifierRole makeNode()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel canAddNode(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel connect(Object,Object,Object,Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel getCollaboration()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel setCollaboration(Object)
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram UMLSequenceDiagram(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram getCollaboration()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram initialize(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram makeNewCR(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram postLoad() Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram relocate(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToDiagram getChildren(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel addEdge(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel addNode(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel canAddEdge(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel setCollaboration(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel vetoableChange(PropertyChangeEvent) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.CollabDiagramRenderer Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.CollabDiagramRenderer getFigEdgeFor(GraphModel,Layer,Object,Map) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.CollabDiagramRenderer getFigNodeFor(GraphModel,Layer,Object,Map) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.UMLCollaborationDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.UMLCollaborationDiagram drop(Object,Point) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.UMLCollaborationDiagram setNamespace(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.ui.ActionSequenceDiagram createDiagram(Object) Refinement
